remove mkPackage and define records directly (#399)
purescript/package-sets: CONTRIBUTING.md

### 1. Adding a new package

To add a new package to the package set, you should create a package definition matching the Package type, and put it in the group file corresponding to the author's username.

> For example, if I wish to add to the package-set the version `v4.2.0` of the package `unicorns` from `someauthor`, I will create the file `src/groups/someauthor.dhall`.

Author: ```suggestion
For example, if I wish to add to the package-set the version `v5.0.0` of the package `some-food` from `someauthor`, I will create the file `src/groups/someauthor.dhall`.
```
